Lots of small fixes (#231)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/contributing/code-reviews.md

*   Does this match our current patterns? Example include RPC patterns,
    Retries / Waits / Timeouts patterns using Context, ...

> Additionally, we recommend every author to look over your own reviews just before committing them and check if you are following the recommendations below. We usually check these kinds of things while skimming through `git diff --cached` just before committing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we recommend that every author look over their code changes before committing and ensure that the recommendations below are being followed. This can be done by skimming through `git diff --cached` before committing.
```

As a reviewer you can approve a pull request through two ways:

* Approve the pull request via GitHub's code review system

> * Reply with a comment that contains *LGTM*  (Looks Good To Me)

Reviewer: Does this actually work?

Author: I recommend that we leave this, since a LGTM means an approval from me, but still expecting approvals from others.

Reviewer: :+1:
